hello everybody this is josh with chick
flicks and beer and today i'm going to
be reviewing miller lite now a lot of
you out there probably thinking hey
there's no reason to review miller lite
but since they have a new can out called
the punch top can I thought that they
were going to try to motivate people to
shotgun beers so I'm going to see how
easily you can punch the top of this
camp and shotgun this beer so it's been
a few years since I've done this and
bear with me let's see if we can do it
there's easy instructions here on the
side that says crack open push your luck
tab and then it's Miller time so let's
find out here if it is in fact Miller
time
alright so step one is a little messy
now let's go for step two so instead of
obviously punching a hole in the bottom
and then opening it you just open it and
sugar
oh it's obviously been a while not that
I ever could do this mom and dad
so there it is Miller Lite three
attempts little foam at the bottom there
but overall it seems to work so Miller
Lite wants it to shotgun beers
you